






NETFLIX





sign in



Unlimited movies, TV shows and more.

Watch anywhere. Cancel anytime.
Ready to watch? Enter your email to create or restart your membership.

get started






Create profiles for children.

Send children on adventures with their favourite characters in a space made just for them—free with your membership.






Enjoy on your TV.

Watch on smart TVs, PlayStation, Xbox, Chromecast, Apple TV, Blu-ray players and more.







Download your shows to watch offline.

Save your favourites easily and always have something to watch.






Watch everywhere.

Stream unlimited movies and TV shows on your phone, tablet, laptop, and TV.







Frequently Asked Questions



what is netlix?


Netflix is a streaming service that offers a wide variety of award-winning TV shows, movies, anime, documentaries and more – on thousands of internet-connected devices.

You can watch as much as you want, whenever you want, without a single ad all for one low monthly price. There's always something new to discover, and new TV shows and movies are added every week!








where can i watch?


Watch Netflix on your smartphone, tablet, Smart TV, laptop, or streaming device, all for one fixed monthly fee. Plans range from ₹ 149 to ₹ 649 a month. No extra costs, no contracts.








where can i watch?


Watch anywhere, anytime. Sign in with your Netflix account to watch instantly on the web at netflix.com from your personal computer or on any internet-connected device that offers the Netflix app, including smart TVs, smartphones, tablets, streaming media players and game consoles.

You can also download your favourite shows with the iOS, Android, or Windows 10 app. Use downloads to watch while you're on the go and without an internet connection. Take Netflix with you anywhere.








how do i cancel?


Netflix is flexible. There are no annoying contracts and no commitments. You can easily cancel your account online in two clicks. There are no cancellation fees – start or stop your account anytime.








what can i watch on netflix?


Netflix has an extensive library of feature films, documentaries, TV shows, anime, award-winning Netflix originals, and more. Watch as much as you want, anytime you want.










Ready to watch? Enter your email to create or restart your membership.


get started



Questions? Call 000-800-040-1843


FAQ
Media Centre
Ways to Watch
Cookie Preferences


Help Centre
Investor Relations
Terms of Use
Corporate Information


Account
job
privacy
contact us





