




Document








Sign In
Unlimited movies, TV  shows, and more
Starts at ₦1,200. Cancel anytime.
Ready to watch? Enter your email to create or restart your membership.
Get Started




Enjoy on your TV
Watch on Smart TVs, Playstation, Xbox, Chromecast,  Apple TV, Blu-ray players, and more.











Stanger Things
Downloading....


Download your shows  to watch offline

Save your favorites easily and always have  something to watch.





Watch  everywhere

Stream unlimited movies and TV  shows on your phone, tablet, laptop,  and TV.












Create profiles for kids
Send kids on adventures with their favorite  characters in a space made just for them—free  with your membership.

















Frequently Asked Questions







What is Netflix?



Netflix is a streaming service that offers a wide variety of award-winning TV shows, movies, anime, documentaries, and more on thousands of internet-connected devices.

You can watch as much as you want, whenever you want – all for one low monthly price. There's always something new to discover and new TV shows and movies are added every week!





How much does Netflix cost?



Watch Netflix on your smartphone, tablet, Smart TV, laptop, or streaming device, all for one fixed monthly fee. Plans range from ₦1,200 to ₦4,400 a month. No extra costs, no contracts.





Where can i watch?



Watch anywhere, anytime. Sign in with your Netflix account to watch instantly on the web at netflix.com from your personal computer or on any internet-connected device that offers the Netflix app, including smart TVs, smartphones, tablets, streaming media players and game consoles.

You can also download your favorite shows with the iOS, Android, or Windows 10 app. Use downloads to watch while you're on the go and without an internet connection. Take Netflix with you anywhere.




How do i cancel?



Netflix is flexible. There are no pesky contracts and no commitments. You can easily cancel your account online in two clicks. There are no cancellation fees – start or stop your account anytime.





What can i watch on Netflix?



Netflix has an extensive library of feature films, documentaries, TV shows, anime, award-winning Netflix originals, and more. Watch as much as you want, anytime you want.





Is Netflix good for kids?



The Netflix Kids experience is included in your membership to give parents control while kids enjoy family-friendly TV shows and movies in their own space.

Kids profiles come with PIN-protected parental controls that let you restrict the maturity rating of content kids can watch and block specific titles you don’t want kids to see.




Ready to watch? Enter your email to create or restart your membership.

Get Started










Questions? Call1-844-505-2993







FAQ
Help Center
Account
Media Center



Investor Relations
Jobs
Netflix Shop
Redeem Gift Cards



Buy Gift Cards
Ways to Watch
Terms of User
Privacy



Cookie Preferences
Corporate Information
Contact Us
Speed Test



Legal Notices
Only on Netflix
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal
Ad Choices

Information







