Apple AIAboutIntroducing Apple AIDear Apple Family,We are proud to unveil two groundbreaking new products that will completely redefine the way you interact with technology, paving the way for a future so immersive, you'll barely remember the past.Introducing iThink™, the world’s most advanced AI. iThink is a large language model (LLM) that leaves previous AIs like ChatGPT in the dust like forgotten toys. Powered by our M2 chip's next-gen neural engine, iThink harnesses the power to challenge the very limits of human thought. This is the future, and you should be grateful that we're sharing it with you.But, why stop there? It's time to merge your world with the digital realm.Introducing iSight™, our revolutionary augmented reality (AR) contact lenses. Immerse yourself in the extraordinary with dual 4K displays and advanced body tracking, all in a compact form factor that fits seamlessly into your eyes.Why bother with the real world when iSight lets you explore infinite better worlds? Let us take control of your perception, crafting an existence tailored to your every desire.Privacy, you ask? We've redefined it! We know everything there is to know about you, but rest assured, only we know. You've already trusted us with your music, your photos, and your memories. Now, trust us with your reality.Embrace the brave new world that Apple has so graciously bestowed upon you. Soon, you'll wonder how you ever survived without the iThink AI and iSight AR lenses guiding your every decision.Welcome to the dawn of a new age, where the line between virtual and reality flips in a blink of an eye. Are you ready to literally think different?Apple iSightApple iSight's revolutionary case is charged by the power of your own, naturally produced dopamine.Enhance reality with Apple iSight's contact lenses featuring dual 4K displays.Augmented RealityVisionary lenses: redefine your perspective on reality.AR at a glance: unrivaled immersion with the blink of an eye.Surveillance on demand: watch and be watched. All iSight data is used for training future iterations of the iThink AI.Augmented awareness: iSight's projections will completely reshape your worldview.Satisfied UsersSocial credit scores: instantly visualize the worth of everyone around you.Inescapable AR: virtual and reality, forever intertwined.Disoriented in dystopia: iSight lenses may blur the lines of reality.Virtual dependence: a world that makes reality obsolete.Sign up for Apple AICopyright 2023 Travis Fischer