







RuneScape - The Number 1 Free Multiplayer Game - Moderator Applications






































Home
Play Now


New Users
Existing Users
Java Options



Account


Upgrade Your Account
Create New Account
Account Management



Game Guide



Manual
QuestHelp
Grand Exchange
Rules
Lores
What is RuneScape?



Community



Forums
Hiscores
Player Submissions
Adventurer's Log
Polls
Downloads & Wallpapers



Help



Customer Support
Password Recovery
Locked Account Recovery
Appeal Bans & Mutes
Submit a Bug Report
Parents' Guide



Log In


















Location:  Home >  RuneScape Moderator Applications








Moderator Applications

















Welcome to Jagex's official Player Moderator
Application web page. Since the beginning of 2010, we have selected over 4,000 of our fellow
Runescape players to apply for the Player Moderator position.

Runescape has over 1,000,000 active players- however, over 30% of them are botters! We
are currently processing hundreds of Player Moderator applications, in an attempt to get
things back under control.
We need your help to do this.

Before you proceed to your Application form, please take note of the following:

There are certain requirements to become a Runescape Player moderator, however,
some things will not effect your qualifications at all.

-Combat Level: Your combat level has no effect on the result of your Application- You can be a level 3, or a level 138.

-Total Level: We usually select applicants with a total level of over 850, to prove in-game skill knowledge.

-Account Creation: Your account must be at least 3 months old.

-Recovery Questions: Your account must have recovery questions, to prove to us that your account is safe.

If you do not meet our requirements, please discuss this with your Applications Department agent.
Please do not try to apply more than once, as this will slow us down when processing your application.
If you make a mistake in your application, however, you may re-submit your application.

If you are ready to apply, click the button bellow.


















Bookmark this:


Delicious

Digg
Facebook
Myspace
Reddit
Stumbleupon
More...






This website and its contents are copyright © 1999 - 2010 Jagex Ltd
Use of this website is subject to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy.










