
























































Home | AthensOhioAir.com




















top of pageMenu




Close




HomeSelf Book PageAboutWelcomeServicesHome




About Us




AthensOhioAir.comAthens Ohio Short Term RentalsRichland Avenue Entire House Short Term Rental Close to Ohio University in Athens, Ohio, Great Front Porch,Our Richland Avenue Short Term Rental is very close to the Ohio University Convocation Center and Peden sports stadium. Located on Richland Avenue, close to McDonalds and other fast food options. FREE WIFI, FREE Washer/Dryer, FREE Parking. It has 3 bedrooms and 2 full baths and sleeps 6 comfortably. There is a fully equipped kitchen. It has 2 queen bedrooms and 1 bedroom with 2 twin extra long beds. 1 Dog Friendly.Need 7 Days or More?Book Directly and Save!Blick Avenue Entire Townhouse Short Term Rental Close to Ohio University in Athens, Ohio, Deck, 2 Master Suites (22)Our Blick Avenue Short Term Rental is right in town, close to O'Blenness Hospital, and right by the bike path.  The iconic Larry's Dog House, White's Mill and the Little Fish Brewery are neighbors. FREE WIFI, FREE parking for 2 cars plus a garage, and FREE Washer/Dryer. 2 private Master Suites, each with a king bed and one has an extra twin xl bed. 2.5 baths. Fully Equipped Kitchen. Sorry, not pet friendly.Need 7 Days or More?Book Directly and Save!Blackburn Road Whole House Short Term Rental, 2 Minutes to Athens, Ohio Downtown, Close to Ohio University, In The WoodsOur Blackburn Road whole house is a very old completely re-modeled and very comfortable short term stay. 1 dog is invited. The house has a large unfenced yard. It has 2 bedrooms, 1 with a king bed and 1 with a queen bed and extra long twin bed in the same room. Blackburn has 1.5 baths. FREE WIFI, FREE Parking and FREE Washer/Dryer. There is a noisy front porch. We are located just off the highway in 9 acres of woods. 1 dog allowed.Need 7 Days or More?Book Directly and Save!Blick Avenue, Entire Townhouse, Short Term Rental in Athens, Ohio Close to Ohio University, with Garage, Small Deck, Yard
(20)Our Blick Avenue 2 Bedroom (2 King Suites) Short Term Rental in Athens is right in town, close to O'Blenness Hospital, and right by the bike path. It is close to the iconic Larry's Dog House,  and the Little Fish Brewery (great food too)! FREE WIFI, FREE parking for 2 plus a garage, and FREE Washer/Dryer. 2 Bedrooms, 1 King, and the second bedroom is also a king.  2.5 Bathe and fully equipped kitchen plus small deck and yard. Sorry, not pet friendly.Need 7 Days or More?Book Directly and Save!Blick Avenue Entire Townhouse Short Term Rental in Athens, Ohio with Garage, Close to Ohio University. (18)Our Blick Avenue short term rental is right in Athens, close to O'Blennes hospital, and right by the bike path. It is very close to the iconic Larry's Dog House and the Little Fish Brewery. FREE WiFi, FREE parking for two plus a garage, and FREE washer/Dryer. 3 Bedrooms, 1 King, 1 Queen, 1 Twin Extra Long. 2.5 Baths and a fully equipped kitchen plus small deck and yard. Sorry, no pets.Need 7 Days or More?Book Directly and Save!Athens, Ohio Entire House Short Term Rental Right on Blacktop Highway 682 with 1 Car Garage, 2 Minutes to Downtown Athens, Ohio and Ohio UniversityWe call this completely re-modeled house the World War II Veterans house. We are still flying an American flag on his flag pole to honor him. The house was in bad shape when we found it but we saved it in his honor. It boasts 3 King bedrooms,  2 full baths, back patio, large unfenced yard and is 1 dog friendly. It has a full size fully equipped kitchen and FREE washer/dryer, FREE WiFi and plenty of FREE parking. We also have an upright game system, smart flat screen tv, dvd collection, etc. This is a favorite for the Windy 9 folks.Need 7 Days or More?Book Directly and Save!Our Euclid  Drive Athens, Ohio Short Term Rental is on the East State Street side of town by all of the franchise food places, and Wal-Mart. Close to Ohio UniversityOur Euclid Athens Short Term Rental is right in town by all of the East State Street hub-bub. There is an awesome coffee shop about 30 paces from your front door. It 2 bedrooms, 1 full size and 1 Queen plus 1 full bath. The kitchen is complete and full size. 1 Dog friendly.Our Route 33 Athens, Ohio Short Term Rental is just off the highway and easy access to the Baileys Trail System, and The MX Park.Our Route 33 Athens Short Term Rental is just off of and very visible to Route 33 between Athens and Nelsonville. It has 2 Queen bedrooms and 1 Bath. Newly re-modeled, it has a full size kitchen, nice unfenced yard and a picnic table under the trees. 1 Dog friendly.Need 10 Days or More?Book Directly and Save!Need 10 Days or More?Book Directly and Save!Coming Soon, Major Re-Model of this Short Term Rental, In Town, Athens, Ohio, Close to Ohio UniversityWe are extremely happy to report progress on a major complete re-model of this modular home right on highway 682, in town by University Estates and Little Fish Brewery. It will boast 3 bedrooms and 3 baths. Completion date will probably be in February 2025. No reservations are being taken on this short term rental yet.Coming SoonComing Soon, Another Re-model in a Neighborhood. An Athens, Ohio Short Term Rental Close to Ohio University.We are happy to report a 3 bedroom, 1.5 bath on Avanelle Drive in Athens. No Reservations are being taken yet on this house but it should be ready to rent sometime late January 2025.bottom of page

































































