securedgroup-plc.com | Digital Mining Investment Strategies for Professionals and Beginners.
Backed by a team with deep experience in finance
Powered by Smartsupp
Home
Who We Are
ABOUT US
NEWS AND UPDATES
REGULATORY INFORMATION
Services
BLOCKCHAIN MANAGEMENT
CRYPTO MINING
Support
FAQ
CONTACT US
Plans
CRYPTO ASSET PLANS
REAL ESTATE PLANS
STOCK PLANS
NFP PLANS
Login
Signup
Pioneers in
Crypto Mining
Mining Rigs Sales
Auto Trade Function
Our Evolution
We believe that Bitcoin and blockchain networks are landmark innovations that will fundamentally reshape the global financial system, and investors should be able to participate in this transformation.
SIGN UP NOW
LOGIN MINERS
Your hardware is already running
Don’t wrestle with rig assembly and hot, noisy miners at home. We have the fastest bitcoin mining hardware running for you already!
Mine alternative cryptocurrencies
You can mine any cryptocurrency available in our catalogue! Switch your mining power on the fly for all the coins using our bitcoin mining website.
Get your first mining output today
You will get periodic mining outputs to your designated wallet. Try our Bitcoin mining platform now!
Join over 2.000.000 people
It’s super simple
Your mining rigs are already set up and running.
As soon as you’ve set up your account, you can start to mine your first coins using our Bitcoin cloud mining service!
Dennis Teo
CEO  & Shareholder
The powerful idea behind Bitcoin and mining.
We are uniting all key aspects of running an efficient cryptocurrency mining operation. From building highly efficient data centers to providing a streamlined mining system for our users.
All services
Daily Mining Outputs
Your mining outputs will be added to your account daily and automatically
State of the Art Mining Technology
State of the Art Mining Technology
For every blockchain algorithm that we offer, we’re providing some of the highest performing mining systems that exist
Diverse Mining Portfolio
Choose from 6 major mining algorithms that span over 10+ mineable cryptocurrencies
Freedom of Allocation
Allocate your hash power to other cryptocurrencies within your mining algorithm of choice
Intuitive Dashboard
All the crypto mining data and charts that you need, when you need them
All the crypto mining data and charts that you need, when you need them
Secure & Private
We support cryptocurrencies that promote privacy, so we strive to keep collected user data to a minimum and only ask for information that is mandatory from a regulatory perspective
Some Of Our Supported Payment Gateways
Crypto Assets
Bitcoin
Ethereum
Bitcoin cash
Litecoin
Perfect Money
Payeer
Advcash
Tether Usdt (Erc20 or Trc20)
We make mining competitive.
To mine competitively today, you need to invest significant resources, time and effort into your setup. Our team has built the most efficient mining systems to do the job for you. This way you can fully focus on keeping track of the markets and remain competitive with your mining rewards single brand that our clients can depend on.
Learn more
Multi-algorithm support
OUR TEAM
We are building mining data centers around the world that are able to support 6 mining algorithms for 10+ different cryptocurrencies. If that’s not enough, we’d be happy to also support the ones you want to mine!
EARN COMMISSION
AFFILIATE MARKETING
View services
1
Create an Account
Communicate clearly and consistently. We can build trusted and enduring relationships with you when you register.
2
Choose Contract
Take responsibility.Choose from our pricing and successes, and follow through on our promises to our team and our clients.
3
Get Payouts
We do the right thing. We conduct ourselves and our work with honesty, determination and dedication to paying you.
securedgroup-plc.com
234 S Brand Blvd Suite 800, Glendale, CA 91204, United States
Who We Are
ABOUT US
PURPOSE AND VALUES
REGULATORY INFORMATION
Useful Links
HOME
FAQ
CONTACT US
LOGIN
REGISTER
Address:Headquatered In ,Glendale UNITED STATE
Emailadmin@securedgroup-plc.com
Support Emailadmin@securedgroup-plc.com
Tel+1(386)623‑3853
Copyright © 2022 securedgroup-plc.com
Admin | Privacy policy